[Browser rendering] Add notes emphasing --remote is required for local development (#14112)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/browser-rendering/platform/wrangler.md

```javascript
const browser = await puppeteer.launch(env.MYBROWSER);
```

> To test locally use `npx wrangler dev --remote` (there's no full local support yet, so `--remote` is required) or, to deploy, use `npx wrangler deploy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run [`npx wrangler dev --remote`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#dev) to test your Worker remotely before deploying to Cloudflare's global network. Local mode support does not exist for Browser Rendering so `--remote` is required. To deploy, run [`npx wrangler deploy`](/workers/wrangler/commands/#deploy).
```
